add notes for tailwind3/4 compatibility (#110)
phoenixframework/tailwind: README.md

config :tailwind, version: "4.0.0"
```

> Note that `:tailwind` 0.3+ supports tailwind v4+. If you need to use tailwind v3, use

Author: I'll adjust other mentions of Tailwind not referring to this library as well then! 👍

## Adding to Phoenix

Note that applications generated with Phoenix older than 1.8 still use Tailwind v3 by default.
If you're using Tailwind v3 please refer to [the README in the v0.2 branch](https://github.com/phoenixframework/tailwind/blob/v0.2/README.md#adding-to-phoenix)
instead.

> To add Tailwind v4 to an application using Phoenix, you will need Phoenix v1.6+
> and the following steps.
> 
> First add it as a dependency in your `mix.exs`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add Tailwind v4 to an application using Phoenix, first add this package
as a dependency in your `mix.exs`:
```
